Previously on "Heartland":
Potable water?
Are you trying to tell me you
had nothing to do with that?
Oh! Sorry, I gotta get going.
Hot date?
If it was, would that bother you?
Georgie, what happened?
Adam was at the party with
Olivia and they were...
they were kissing.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Okay. That should be enough.
How does she sound?
Her breathing is pretty
laboured after the exercise.
Should we try treating her?
Yeah... Let's get her into the barn.
Okay.
What the...?
- I'm finished G.G.
- Okay, just give me a minute.
You said we could throw rocks in the pond.
We will, as soon as I
finish reading this article.
Okay, I'm off to Maggie's.
- Did you call Adam?
- Mm!
Seriously? You forgot to
cancel my tutoring session?
- Was that today?
- Yes!
And he's gonna be here in fifteen minutes,
and he's always early!
How could you forget?
Okay, I guess I'll be finishing this later.
- I'm sorry, It's just been so busy.
- Yay!
Maybe I can catch him before he leaves.
Oh, wait, one sec. Hello, Mitch.
Did you, uh, manage to fix
the lock on the main cabin?
Well, good morning to you too.
I'm, uh, I'm actually at
the Dude Ranch right now...
I thought you were gonna
deal with that yesterday?
Well, something came up.
- Come on, honey.
- Lou, who stayed here last night?
Uh, a group of guys, pretty young.
It was a fishing trip or something.
- Did they already check out?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Why?
Uh, I think you better get down
here and see this for yourself.
Mitch, I don't have time to play games.
Would you please just tell
me what you're talking about?
- Hello? Lou?
- What? Mitch?
Sorry, I think my battery's gonna die.
Hello? I think he hung up on me.
Hey! Where are you going?! What about Adam?
I'll call him on the way.
Oh no! Don't let her leave!
Don't let her leave!
What?
I don't need your help
with the science test.
Uh, yeah you do. You have a "C" average,
and to me, "C" stands for complacency.
Well, to me, it stands
for complete waste of time.
Well, my mother can't pick
me up for a few hours, so...
Adam, I'm sorry about the
miscommunication, okay?
- But since he's already here...
- Mom!
Look, it won't hurt to brush
up a little for the test.
I'll be back from the Dude Ranch soon.
And Adam, I'll give you a ride
home on my way into Maggie's, okay?
No wonder she's afraid of this thing.
She's gonna look like Horse Vader.
I know, but she needs the steroids
for her airway obstruction,
and this is the only way
to get it into her lungs.
Okay, well, how long do we keep it on?
Twenty minutes, twice
a day, if she'll let us.
We'll give it a try.
Hey, girl, this is gonna
help you breathe better, okay?
Be good.
- One more time?
- Here you go.
It's okay.
Okay.
This is exactly what she
was doing at the clinic.
Well, we just have to be patient.
We have to earn her
trust. I'll do some TTouch.
Okay, thanks. I'm gonna make
some more notes in her file.
Hey...
She seems to have settled a little.
Mm-hmm?
What's in the box?
Nothing. Just something
from the... from the clinic.
We should get back to Penelope.
Yeah. I was just gonna see if
you wanted to check her lungs.
She seems a bit calmer now.
- Yeah, that's a good idea. Let's do that.
- Okay.
Oh...
Oh. My. God.
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
You know, it's ironic.
If you let me keep my trailer here,
none of this would've ever happened.
- I'm not in the mood, okay?
- Oh, come on, lighten up.
It's not funny.
Really? You don't see any humour in this?
No, I don't. And neither should
you since this is your fault.
- My fault?!
- Yeah!
You were supposed to be here last night.
What came up, another online match-up?
Wow. Really.
Look, what I do on my
own time is my business.
Mm-hmm.
Besides, I wouldn't be surprised
if you brought this on yourself.
Excuse me?!
I don't know. Did you say anything to these
guys to make 'em want to get back at you?
- No, I didn't!
- Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure! God!
I mean, they might have
given me a little attitude
when I brought up the house rules, but...
The what?
The house rules. It's a small handout.
It's more like a list of suggestions.
Uh... does it look like this?
You're kidding me.
"House rules."
I guess they didn't think
too much of your suggestions.
Oh my God, those little...
You know, to be fair, it
doesn't say anything on here
about rearranging the furniture.
Okay, let's go over the periodic table.
I already know it by heart.
You can't just memorize it, you have
to know why it's organized that way.
It's all about incorporating
recurring trends.
Here's a recurring trend:
these study sessions keep
getting more and more boring.
I'm sorry. I didn't realize I
was being paid to entertain you.
Entertain me? I'd settle
for not putting me to sleep.
- You wanna hear a joke?
- No, not really.
What do you do with a sick chemist?
Well, if you can't helium,
and you can't curium,
then you might as well barium.
She's still pretty congested,
but she's a lot more relaxed.
Mm. She doesn't have an issue
with me touching her anywhere on her face.
So what's the problem with the mask then?
I don't know, it... it
could be that she has a fear
of something being over her face?
I'd like to check her file,
see if there's anything
I might have missed.
Yeah, sure. It's open on my desk.
Okay.
Hey.
Hey!
What're you doing with that?
Where were you?
Uh... here.
Well, Katie and I just got back from
having a little fun down at the pond and...
Jack, we had an appointment at my lawyers.
I'm sorry. I completely forgot.
Did you forget to turn
on your phone as well?
- No.
- You haven't answered one of my calls!
You see this button right here?
You just push this button.
How hard can that be?
Okay, I got it.
I get that you don't
want to deal with this,
but I've worked very
hard to build my business.
I know you have...
And I... if anything happens to me...
want you to take on Fairfield.
What? I'm not in the horse
breeding business, you know that!
It's not about you. We have grandchildren.
We have great grandchildren, God help us,
and I'm thinking about their future!
Okay, I get it, Lise, but
I'm not trying to avoid this.
I ju-I don't understand why you're in
such a big rush to go over your will?
I mean, you're young, and you're healthy...
No, no, that's not the point.
The point is that anything
could happen at any time
and I want the family to be taken care of,
and I need your help to do that!
And that's tough to do when you can't even
be bothered to show up at an appointment!
I'm gonna take a walk.
Ty! Hey, I... I didn't mean to snoop.
- Can we...
- But you're acting so weird...
Okay, can we just get back to work?
- No. I-I know what it is.
- What?
It's an anniversary present.
I think that's so sweet!
- No. It-It isn't, Amy.
- Oh, you are not a very good liar.
- Come...
- I'm serious, Amy.
I think we can open it a bit early...
- I'm not kidding, okay?
- 'Cause you know me...
I'm not kidding! It's not for you. It's...
It's from my dad.
How? I don't-I don't get it.
I got it from my mom last
week when I was there visiting.
After he died, my mom found out he
had a safety deposit box at some bank.
Wait. Ty.
So what was in it?
She didn't wanna know.
So she just wrapped it up and
gave it to me to deal with.
Deal with what? I mean,
you haven't opened it?
No. And I'm not going to.
The only reason I took it from her was
so that I could get rid of it myself.
And that's exactly what I'm gonna do.
Okay, hang on a second.
I'm not sure this is the
safest way to bring it down.
Uh, Lou, this is really heavy.
Maybe if we just change our positions
a little, we can get a better angle...
Come on, I'm losing my grip here!
No, no! Oh! Oh! Oh no!
- Oh no, no, no!
- Are you okay?
No, I am not okay! How could
you just let it fall like that!
That is a very expensive bed frame!
How could I let it fall?
The whole reason it fell is 'cause you
were obsessing about not letting it fall!
I was not obsessing, I was
trying to make a plan, okay?
You can't just do these things haphazardly!
You know, I think it's best for both of us
if I just bring the rest
stuff down by myself.
Fine! But if anything else breaks,
it's coming out of your paycheck.
Dammit.
- What now?
- Nothing!
Kind of locked my keys
inside the car, okay?
Well, I guess you didn't plan
that out too well, now did ya?
Just call Jack, get him to
bring an extra set of keys.
I can't. I locked my phone in there too.
Can I borrow yours, please?
No. I told you, my battery's dead.
Seriously? I thought you were just
saying that to get off the call?
Well, I'm not surprised someone has
pulled that stunt on you in the past.
But it's legitimate.
My phone's dead. Sorry.
Where is my mom?
Maybe I should call her.
Come on. We're finally making progress.
You're actually not
that horrible in science.
Told you.
Okay, so explain
electromagnetic force to me.
- What about it?
- How does it work?
Oh, and don't forget
to make it entertaining.
Okay. Can I use a real life example?
Sure, whatever helps.
Okay. Let's take two random
people like, I don't know,
how about you and Olivia?
Me and Olivia?
Yeah. You can be a proton
and she's an electron...
'cause she's so negative all the time...
Where are you going with this?
Just like protons and electrons,
you and Olivia are complete
opposites in every way,
yet you just can't seem to
keep your hands off each other.
Uh, electrons and protons don't
have anything resembling hands...
or any appendages for that matter...
I saw you guys kissing,
okay? At Jade's party!
- Wow, I can't believe this.
- Seriously? It was right out in the open.
You didn't think I'd find out?
- I didn't think you'd care.
- We kissed first.
I thought you said that
didn't mean anything.
Wow. For such a smart guy,
you can sure be dumb sometimes.
I should go.
How are you gonna get home?
Just don't scratch the paint.
This is gonna damage the door frame.
I don't think this is a good idea.
Ugh. Can you just give
me some space, please?
I've done this before.
I know what I'm doing.
Okay, sorry.
Ow! Agh!
What'd you do?
Nothing. I'm... I'm fine.
You know what? This is not going to work.
I'm just gonna get a horse
and ride back to the ranch.
- Yeah, your high horse.
- What was that?
- Nothing.
- Stupid...
Ahh! Ow!
- What? Oh, are you okay?
- Oh, ow!
- I twisted my ankle.
- Agh!
Oh my God, I'm bleeding!
Calm down. I'm the one who's bleeding.
Stupid coat hanger.
So you're opening it?
No, I'm... not going to, no.
I know things were complicated
with you and your dad.
But you must be curious.
Why not open it? There-there might
be something valuable in there.
Exactly, Amy. And what if there is?
Then I'm gonna have to
wonder where it came from.
You remember my dad.
So you're worried that there
might be something bad in there?
I don't know.
You know, there could be
something good in there, too.
Or nothing at all.
You're never gonna know
if you don't open it.
Okay.
Okay. I'm sorry. It's none of my business.
Thank you.
I couldn't get a hold of my mom.
And it's too far to walk
all the way home, so...
Maybe Jack could give you a ride.
No. I think we have
some unfinished business.
Yeah, we do.
I guess we didn't cover
everything on the test.
Yeah. That's what I meant too.
Come on, let's get this over with.
It's fine. You know, it's
probably just sprained.
Yeah, but you should
still get some ice on it.
You know what? I'll... I'll
tack up one of the trail horses
and I'll take you back to the ranch.
No. There's no way you can get the
rest of that stuff down by yourself,
especially with your hand like that.
I'm fine. It's just a...
it's just a flesh wound.
Whatever, Mr. Tough Guy.
Look, you're the one that can barely walk
and you're pretending like it's nothing.
It's a bad family trait.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah, I get it from my dad.
He has this old shoulder injury.
Whenever it pops out... Ow!...
he thinks he can slam it
back into place by himself.
Kinda sounds like the good Dr. Cutty.
That's what everybody calls my dad.
- Your dad's a doctor?
- God, no.
It's just a nickname.
He's so damn cheap he
does his own dental work.
What?!
This one time, I saw him pull out
a bad molar with a pair of pliers.
- Yikes!
- Yeah.
And he had this chipped tooth once.
He ground it down with a steel file.
Okay, that's enough.
Ow, ow, ow...
You know, I actually...
I think that we just found
some common ground here.
Why? Because we're the walking wounded?
No. Because we got crazy dads.
Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, let's um...
let's get the rest of that
stuff down off the roof.
Yeah.
G.G., can you help me
draw a picture of my pony?
Um, yeah, maybe later.
But G.G.!
Now look who's leaving
their phone lying around.
Oh, I was wondering where that was.
Lisa, can you help me
draw a picture of my pony?
Yes, of course.
- You missed a call...
- Oh.
It's from your doctor. Is everything okay?
Yes. I uh... yeah. I
had an annual last week.
It must be just a follow-up call.
Can we-can we draw the picture now?
Oh, yes, little Miss Persistent.
Just give me one minute.
Hi. I'm wondering if I
could speak to Dr. Anderson?
He just called... Oh, okay. Okay.
Um, yeah, could you ask him
to please call Lisa Stillman
when he's available.
Thank-you. Okay. Bye.
What's the next question?
Actually, can we talk about... you know.
Fine.
I've been thinking about what you said...
about Olivia and all that stuff.
But after you and I kissed or whatever
you really brushed me
off like it was nothing.
So you were trying to get
back at me with Olivia?
- No. It wasn't like that.
- Yeah, right.
You know, she was probably just
using you to get back at me too.
Actually, I don't think so.
We've kind of been hanging out since then.
We're going to a movie tonight.
Can we just get back to studying, please?
Hello?
Yes, this is she.
Oh, um... no. 'scuse me,
no, I'm not interested.
Okay. And please, could you
take me off your call list?
Thank you very much.
Okay, so what's really going on here?
Telemarketers. It's just
just-they're annoying, silly.
What?
The doctor, uh... we,
we just ran a few tests.
What kind of tests?
No, no big deal. Just...
uh... he's hyper-cautious
and he saw something on a
scan, and because of my history,
he just uh... you know,
playing it on the safe side.
Really. Honestly. It's no big deal.
'Kay, I'm gonna go ask Katie
which of these little critters
she wants me to draw next.
You actually think there's a
chance of her putting that thing on?
I don't know. But if
she can get used to this,
it's a step towards putting
on the inhalation mask.
Okay, well, good luck.
Look, it's just a grazing muzzle.
You're okay.
You gotta be kidding me.
- Wow.
- Okay, so why was that so easy?
I don't know. She obviously
doesn't have a problem
with something being on her face, but...
Yeah. Except for the mask
that she needs to be wearing.
Do you think it's the way
it looks that scares her?
Or maybe it's the hard plastic?
I actually think it
might be something else.
Okay, I'm gonna go wait for my mom outside.
See you later?
Bye.
Don't... don't go.
I mean... don't go to
that movie with Olivia.
I don't like the fact that
you guys are hanging out
'cause I wouldn't mind
hanging out with you and...
maybe we could go to a movie or something?
Are you saying you want to
be like more than friends?
Maybe.
You realize this could be
like opening Pandora's box.
Pandora's box is a Greek myth.
It was said to contain
all the evils of the world,
and that opening it could
have far-reaching consequences.
I know what it means.
So? Do you wanna hang out or not?
Sorry, Mr. Bartlett, but honestly,
it's not the way it looked.
- I know what I saw.
- But nothing even happened!
That's because I was here.
And you, you're supposed
to be her tutor, aren't you?
I think you oughta leave.
Well, his mom's not here yet.
That's fine. I'll drive him home myself.
That's okay. I can walk.
Thanks, Jack. That was so embarrassing...
and all over nothing!
Okay, so I just got off
the phone with the lawyer.
Yeah, oh yeah...
He said he can meet us this afternoon,
so do you think Ty and Amy
would watch Katie while we go?
Uh... yeah, I can ask 'em.
Okay, please do that. Thank you.
That's the last of it off the roof.
How's it looking inside?
Same as it did, just have to...
put that back on the bedside
table and... we're done.
Great. I'm gonna go tack you up a horse
and Maverick and I will ride
back with you, all right?
Maverick? The horse that
Amy was working with?
That's your horse?
Yeah. She, uh, she really
straightened him out.
Yeah, well, I'm not surprised.
She's amazing at what she does.
Hah. Look at you, all
proud of your kid sister.
You have siblings?
Uh, only child. Well, technically.
What does that mean?
My cousin, Zack,
we were born like a month
apart from each other.
My parents have all these pictures of us
splashing around in this
cheap little Mr. Turtle pool.
I totally remember those.
Yeah, I-I rode the bus with that guy
like from kindergarten to high school.
We even joined the military together.
So... guess he's more
like a brother really.
That's cool. Are you guys still close?
I'm gonna go tack up your horse, okay?
Okay.
So what do you got going here?
Just reading through Mom's journals
to find a recipe for aroma therapy.
We have this client horse in
and I don't think she likes
the smell of her medication.
I wonder if I could ask a favour?
Lisa and I need to go into town,
can you guys watch Katie?
Yeah, of course. She can
hang out with us in the barn.
What's in town?
Oh, it's no big deal.
What's going on?
Oh, I don't... really need to get into it.
Do you want me to drop
this off at the Post Office?
No, this is Ty's. His Mom gave it to him.
It's the contents from his
dad's safety deposit box
that no one even knew he had.
- What's in it?
- Who knows? Ty won't open it.
He doesn't even wanna talk about it.
You know how he gets with his dad.
It always rattles him.
Yeah. I was there when
Ty spread Brad's ashes,
and he was looking for answers then, too.
I can't help but wonder
if some of those answers
could've been found in
that safety deposit box?
Well, you never know. There
could be something in there
that sheds a little light on who Brad was.
And I can see why that scares Ty, but...
he shouldn't be afraid of the truth though.
You know what? Never mind.
Don't worry about looking after Katie.
I'm not going anywhere.
We're not going to see your lawyer.
Not today.
Why? No, I mean, if Ty and Amy can't take
care of Katie then Georgie will do it.
I know what you're doing.
You're using it as a distraction,
and that's no way to deal with this.
No, no. We need to deal with my estate...
And we will, I promise.
But today's not the day.
I'm a little bit worried.
I'm scared...
That's why I just wanna just do something.
You don't need to do anything.
Yes, I do. I just wanna do
something or I might just fall apart.
What's wrong with that?
Everything's gonna be okay.
Any reason you wanna do this out here?
I think the open air might
help her feel less confined.
I've mixed up two different recipes.
Peppermint and lavender.
Okay.
All right... Let's see
which one she prefers.
Hey, girl, what's this?
Hey... You like that?
Nope. Not peppermint.
Here's the lavender one.
Here... Penelope, look. What's this?
All right! It looks like
Penelope's a lavender girl.
Okay.
Well, I guess Marion's journal
came to the rescue again.
Yeah. These have helped
me a lot over the years.
Not just with horses.
Come here. Look at all this.
- See all these scribbles and notes here?
- Oh yeah.
These are notes and reminders to herself.
Every time I read them, it's like
I can hear her voice in my head.
I know what you're trying to do, Amy.
But I don't wanna hear my dad's voice.
You had a real mom, Amy,
she was there for you.
My dad was never around,
And there's nothing in a safety deposit
box that ever is gonna change that.
I know.
But I can't help but wonder what's worse?
The chance that you might find
something that you don't like,
or that you might never know
what's actually in that box?
- Come on, let's give this a shot.
- Okay.
All right... I think you'll
like the smell of this
much better than that stinky medication.
Easy...
What's that smell? Smell that?
I know...
- Yes!
- There you go! Look, Ty!
- Oh, good girl, Penelope.
See? That's not so bad.
Okay, easy now. Easy.
- Good girl.
- Thank you.
Yeah...
I didn't mean to pry about your cousin.
Hey, I brought him up.
Sometimes it helps to talk about
Zack and sometimes it doesn't.
Whatever happened between you
two is none of my business.
He's gone.
He didn't make it back from his last tour.
I... I shouldn't have given him the
idea to sign up in the first place.
Hey. I'm really sorry.
Come on, now, I'll give you a leg up.
- Agh!
- Ow! Ooh! Ow!
Oh, oh, ahh!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
What is wrong with us?
I don't know.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
W-wait! W-What're
you doing?
What am I doing?
I-I gotta get outta here.
Uh...
I'm sorry, wait. I'll just...
Just hold on a second. I'll
get Maverick, we'll ride...
No, I just... I-I gotta go.
You know...
I-I just... have to go.
Come on, let's go.
Come on...
All right, let's have
a listen to her lungs.
Well, her airways have
definitely opened up a little.
So the steroids are working?
Yeah, sure seems like it.
'Kay, well, should we try
another round with the mask?
Uh... I think once is enough for today.
Let's give her a break
and try again tomorrow.
I'll take her into the barn.
It's my doctor...
Dr. Anderson? Hi.
I know. I know we have been playing
a little phone tag today, right?
Yeah, so...
Really?!
Well...
Yes, I'm relieved.
Yes, that's very good news.
Thank you. Yes.
Thank you for calling
back. I really appreciate...
Okay. Okay. Bye.
See? Everything's gonna be all right.
But I already told you that.
Yes, well, you know everything!
Uh-huh. You do need a ride, don't you?
No. My mom picked me up,
but I asked her if she could bring me back.
Look, I really need you to hear me out.
Okay.
What's going on?
I came back to say I'm sorry.
Well, I appreciate that,
but it's not necessary.
In fact, I think I may
have overreacted a little.
- No kidding.
- Be that as it may,
we might have to re-think this
whole tutoring arrangement.
C'mon, I'll walk you to your mom's car.
Hey, don't forget that...
I have a pretty good view of the
whole yard right from that door.
Can't he see my mom's right there?
Just ignore him.
This is weird. I should go.
To that movie with Olivia?
No. I cancelled that.
I didn't think it was appropriate
under the circumstances.
What circumstances?
I don't know, but...
you're the one I wanna go to movies
with and stuff like that, so...
Well, maybe we can hang
sometime this weekend?
- Hey!
- Hey.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
But you're... you're limping.
- No, no, it's uh... it's nothing.
- Here, here.
Thank you. It's a long story.
I'm sorry I took so long.
Did it go okay with Adam?
Uh... yeah. Um, actually pretty great.
Great?
Yeah. But I think I might
have opened Pandora's box.
I've been thinking about what
you said... about the box.
Well, the truth is... when
I first found out about it,
I was actually... I was excited.
I mean, maybe there's something in there
that would make me feel
better about my dad.
But it was the same kind of feeling I'd
get every time he'd come back into my life
and... you know how that turned out.
Yeah. No, I... I get it.
You don't want him to hurt
you anymore and that's fine.
We can just go throw it out together.
No, Amy, I've changed my mind.
I wanna open it.
- You're sure?
- Yeah, I am.
I mean, maybe I just
wanna punish myself more,
or... maybe it's the fact that I know
that no matter what's in that box,
nothing can ruin how good we have it.
So let's just open the damn thing.
Okay.
Huh.
What? It's just his birth certificate.
He lied to me about his age.
Drivers license.
My parents' divorce papers.
I think this is an old race track ticket.
Why would he have kept that?
Who knows? Maybe it's the one
time he actually picked a winner.
We should try and cash it.
_
Is that you?
Yeah, that's me.
This is the day I learned
to ride a dirt bike.
My dad taught me. Well, not very well.
I mean, I crashed three
or four times, but...
I can't believe he kept this.
That day must have meant something to him.
Okay... It's addressed to my Mom.
Open it.
What?
This is my mom's engagement ring.
Why would he have that?
Because he stole it.
- He stole it?
- Yeah.
He pawned it off to pay
off some gambling debt.
Yeah, it was the final
straw in their marriage.
"Hey, Lil, I thought you should have this.
So I saved up a little dough and...
and bought it back for you.
I guess every dog has his day.
Brad."
She never got that, did she?
No, she-she never really had
a... fixed address, you know?
Are you gonna give her the ring?
Yeah. I will.
On my next visit.
But first I'm going to
send her this letter.
She deserves to know
Brad wasn't all that bad.
Thank you for being there for me today.
I'm sorry I was so crazy.
Well, I'll give you a pass this time.
I don't know what I'd do without you.
You know, me neither...
Especially since you're saddling me
with an entire horse breeding operation.
Hey! We are going and doing
that this week, by the way.
- Yeah, yeah...
- Are you charging your phone?
Lou?
Let's just say that it's been
a long day and leave it at that.
What happened to your mother?
She didn't wanna talk about it.
Oh. I don't suppose you
feel like talking either...
you know, about what's
going on with you and Adam.
- Nothing happened, remember?
- Mm-hmm?
You know, I actually like that kid...
as far as teenage boys go,
so try not to break his heart.
Whatever.
Uh, hey.
Hey.
Uh, how's-how's it feeling?
Seriously? You're gonna
ask me about my ankle?
That's what you have
to say to me right now?
Look, I'm sorry about the whole...
I guess I just got caught up in the moment.
Yeah. You did.
What about you?
It... it was a mistake.
Right.
Look, this job, it means
a lot to me. Please...
You're not gonna get fired, okay?
Jack likes having you around too much.
Really. You're keeping me
around because Jack likes me?
Yeah... that's right.
But I'm still your boss when it
comes to the Dude Ranch, so...
that can't happen again. It was wrong.
- Scandalous.
- Hey, don't make light of this.
We'll just pretend it never happened.
That's right.
Because I don't want things to get weird.
Oh, what the hell...
Things are weird already.
- What?
- It's just...
there's this whole series of jokes
about the ranch hand and
the farmer's daughter that...
Oh my God.
So maybe after we go to the post office,
we could go shopping for
my anniversary present?
How do you know I haven't
already got you something?
What did you get me?
I can't tell you.
You're gonna have to wait and see.
And no snooping around this time.
Okay.
On the next Heartland.
I can't guarantee your safety, or
the safety of those sweet little kids.
Betrayal
and revenge.
The horses. We have to grab them!
Danger strikes close to home.
Heartland, next
Sunday at 7:00 on CBC.
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org